[RF-DOCS] Update Rails Testing Guide [ci skip] (#2)
OughtPuts/rails: guides/source/testing.md

After reading this guide, you will know:

* Rails testing terminology.
* How to write unit, functional, integration, and system tests for your
  application.
* Other popular testing approaches and plugins.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Why Write Tests?
----------------

Rails makes it super easy to write your tests. It starts by producing skeleton

> test code when you create your models and controllers.

Reviewer: I'm not a fan of wording like "super easy", as it might be intimidating for beginners that don't find it easy.
```suggestion
Rails makes it easy to write your tests. It starts by producing skeleton
test code when you create your models and controllers.
```
Or maybe we can just remove this sentence altogether, as it doesn't explain "Why" tests should be written.

> By running your Rails tests you can quickly and easily ensure your code still
> adheres to the desired functionality even after some major code refactoring.

Reviewer 2: Something like this to explain the "why" of testing? From m perspective, it's about discovering bugs early and building confidence. My suggestion but feel free to reword:

```suggestion
By running tests after code changes such as adding new features or refactoring, you can quickly find out if existing code still works as expected. You can discover and fix any issue that are uncovered by failing tests. By running tests, you can discover and fix bugs early in the development cycle and improve confidence.
```

Reviewer 3: I like Bhumi's suggestion and re-worded it slightly. 

```suggestion
Running tests after making code changes—such as adding new features or refactoring—helps ensure your existing code continues to work as expected. Failing tests can quickly reveal issues, allowing you to identify and fix bugs early in the development process. This practice not only improves the reliability of your code but also improves confidence in your changes.
```

Author: Thanks everyone - this was really nice because I've ended up with an amalgamation of everyone's ideas and my own re-write - what a team effort paragraph!

Rails tests can also simulate browser requests and thus you can test your
application's response without having to view the output through your browser.

Introduction to Testing
-----------------------

Testing was woven into the Rails fabric from the very beginning, and is central

> to the development process right from the creation of a new application.

Reviewer: Maybe we can remove these metaphores and simplify it a bit?
```suggestion
With Rails testing is central
to the development process right from the creation of a new application.
```

Reviewer 3: I think there's a missing comma in the suggestion above: 

```suggestion
With Rails, testing is central to the development process right from the creation of a new application.
```

### Test Setup

Rails creates a `test` directory for you as soon as you create a Rails project
using `rails new` _application_name_. If you list the contents of this directory

> then you shall see:

Reviewer 3: 'shall' see sounds a bit formal but I don't feel strongly about this: 

```suggestion
then you will see:
```

```bash

> $ ls -F test

Reviewer 3: TIL!

application_system_test_case.rb  controllers/                     helpers/                         mailers/                         system/
channels/                        fixtures/                        integration/                     models/                          test_helper.rb
```

### Test Directories

The `helpers`, `mailers`, and `models` directories are where tests for view
helpers, mailers, and models respectively should be stored. The `channels`
directory is where tests for Action Cable connection and channels should be
stored. The `controllers` directory is where tests for controllers, routes, and
views should be stored. The `integration` directory is where tests for

> interactions between controllers should be stored.

Reviewer: In Rails 8 "test/channels" will no longer be created:
https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/a7c8a20825be5ac8d96566ec5dbe9daa85568bc8/railties/lib/rails/generators/rails/app/app_generator.rb#L235-L244

> interactions between controllers should be stored.

Reviewer 3: Nitpick: I updated the phrasing slightly to avoid repeating "should be stored". 

```suggestion
The `helpers`, `mailers`, and `models` directories store tests for view helpers, mailers, and models, respectively. Tests for Action Cable connections and channels belong in the `channels` directory. The `controllers` directory is used for tests related to controllers, routes, and views, while the `integration` directory is reserved for tests that cover interactions between controllers.
```

Reviewer 3: If there is no longer a channels directory, it may be worth noting where we'd add the Action Cable connection and channel tests.

Reviewer 3: >  The `controllers` directory is where tests for controllers, routes, and
views should be stored

Maybe we could also be a bit more specific about what controller tests will test?  A quick search shows an explanation like this:  "A controller spec is a wrapper for a Rails functional test. It allows you to simulate a single http request in each example, and then specify expected outcomes"

Reviewer 3: One last suggestion - maybe when we mention the different types of tests, we can already link to the relevant sections in this guide.

> The system test directory holds system tests, which are used for full browser

Reviewer: It seems we use backticks for all test directories in this section:
```suggestion
The `system` test directory holds system tests, which are used for full browser
```

testing of your application. System tests allow you to test your application the
way your users experience it and help you test your JavaScript as well. System

> tests inherit from Capybara and perform in-browser tests for your application.

Reviewer: We should probably link to Capybara.
```suggestion
tests inherit from [Capybara](https://github.com/teamcapybara/capybara) and perform in-browser tests for your application.
```

Reviewer 3: Should we mention request specs as well? I know that a hot topic has been when to use request specs vs controller specs as well.

Author: Hmm yeah @Ridhwana I read quite a lot about this when I was researching as testing terminology is quite confusing I think. 

I think 'request specs' are called 'functional tests' in Minitest, but I might be wrong of course! Either way, I've tried as hard as I can to keep most terms framework-agnostic and therefore descriptive in case a user is reading this guide to try to learn to test but isn't using Minitest. 

Not sure if others have thoughts? @bhumi1102 @p8 ?

Author: I did quite a lot of reading of Jason Swett's writing, a hero of mine 🙈  for example: https://www.codewithjason.com/difference-integration-tests-controller-tests-rails/

Author: @Ridhwana having read back through this, I think it's best to leave as is, as this is the `Test Directories` section, so mainly focussing on navigating around where everything that we do have should live, rather than contrasting different approaches.

> Fixtures are a way of organizing test data; they can be stored in the `fixtures`

Reviewer 2: Should we say a bit more about what Fixtures are, as this is the first mention of it? And maybe link to this https://api.rubyonrails.org/v3.1/classes/ActiveRecord/Fixtures.html

directory.

> A `jobs` directory will also be created when an associated test is first

Reviewer 3: > when an associated test is first

what is meant by associated test?

end
```

A line by line examination of this file will help get you oriented to Rails
testing code and terminology.

```ruby
require "test_helper"
```

> By requiring this file, `test_helper.rb`, the default configuration to run our
> tests is loaded. We will include this with all the tests we write, so any
> methods added to this file are available to all our tests.

Reviewer 2: A possible rewording to eliminate "our" and "we". I think it's okay to have those pronouns, though in this case not necessary. Feel free to ignore, just a minor suggestion:

```suggestion
Requiring the file, `test_helper.rb`, loads the default configuration to run tests. All methods added to this file are also available in tests by including this file.
```

```ruby
class ArticleTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase
  # ...
end
```

This is called a test case, because the `ArticleTest` class inherits from
`ActiveSupport::TestCase`. It therefore also has all the methods from
`ActiveSupport::TestCase` available to it. Later in this guide, we'll see some

> of the methods this gives us.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add an anchor link to "later in the guide"?

Any method defined within a class inherited from `Minitest::Test` (which is the
superclass of `ActiveSupport::TestCase`) that begins with `test_` is simply
called a test. So, methods defined as `test_password` and `test_valid_password`
are test names and are run automatically when the test case is run.

Rails also adds a `test` method that takes a test name and a block. It generates
a normal `Minitest::Unit` test with method names prefixed with `test_`. So you

> don't have to worry about naming the methods, and you can write something like:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Rails also provides a test method that takes a test name and a block. It generates 
a standard `Minitest::Unit` test with method names prefixed by `test_`, allowing 
you to focus on writing the test logic without worrying about naming the methods. 
For example, you can write:
```

end
```

Although you can still use regular method definitions, using the `test` macro
allows for a more readable test name.

NOTE: The method name is generated by replacing spaces with underscores. The
result does not need to be a valid Ruby identifier though — the name may contain
punctuation characters, etc. That's because in Ruby technically any string may
be a method name. This may require use of `define_method` and `send` calls to

> function properly, but formally there's little restriction on the name.

Reviewer 3: Small update, feel free to ignore if you do not think it adds value.

```suggestion
NOTE: The method name is generated by replacing spaces with underscores. The 
result does not need to be a valid Ruby identifier, as Ruby allows any string to serve 
as a method name, including those containing punctuation characters. While this 
may require using `define_method` and `send` to define and invoke such 
methods, there are few formal restrictions on the names themselves.
```

Next, let's look at our first assertion:

```ruby
assert true
```

An assertion is a line of code that evaluates an object (or expression) for
expected results. For example, an assertion can check:

* does this value equal that value?
* is this object nil?
* does this line of code throw an exception?
* is the user's password greater than 5 characters?

Every test may contain one or more assertions, with no restriction as to how
many assertions are allowed. Only when all the assertions are successful will
the test pass.

#### Your First Failing Test

To see how a test failure is reported, you can add a failing test to the
`article_test.rb` test case. Here, we are asserting that the article will not

> save, which will fail the test when the article saves successfully.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To see how a test failure is reported, you can add a failing test to the 
`article_test.rb` test case. In this example, we assert that the article will 
not save without meeting certain criteria; hence, if the article saves 
successfully, the test will fail, demonstrating a test failure.
```

end
```

Let us run this newly added test (where `6` is the line number where the test is

> defined).

Reviewer 3: The double "where" had me reading the sentence a second time.

```suggestion
Let's run the newly added test (with `6` being the line number where the test is defined).
```

1 runs, 1 assertions, 1 failures, 0 errors, 0 skips
```

In the output, `F` denotes a failure. You can see the corresponding trace shown
under `Failure` along with the name of the failing test. The next few lines
contain the stack trace followed by a message that mentions the actual value and
the expected value by the assertion. The default assertion messages provide just
enough information to help pinpoint the error. To make the assertion failure
message more readable, every assertion provides an optional message parameter,

> as shown here:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the output, `F` indicates a test failure. The trace under `Failure` includes the name of the failing test, 
followed by a stack trace and a message showing the actual value and the expected value from the 
assertion. The default assertion messages offer just enough information to help identify the error. 
For improved readability, every assertion allows an optional message parameter to customize the failure 
message, as shown below:
```

1 runs, 1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors, 0 skips
```

The small green dot displayed means that the test has passed successfully.

NOTE: In that process, we first wrote a test which fails for a desired
functionality, then we wrote some code which adds the functionality and finally
we ensured that our test passes. This approach to software development is

> referred to as _Test-Driven Development_ (TDD).

Reviewer 2: Nice helpful note 👍

> #### Encountering and Asserting Error-Presence

Reviewer 2: Simplify to this?
```suggestion
#### Reporting Errors
```

bin/rails test test/models/article_test.rb:9

.

Finished in 0.040609s, 49.2500 runs/s, 24.6250 assertions/s.

2 runs, 1 assertions, 0 failures, 1 errors, 0 skips
```

Notice the 'E' in the output. It denotes a test with error. The green dot above

> the 'finished' line denotes the one passing test.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notice the 'E' in the output. It denotes a test with an error. The green dot above
the 'finished' line denotes the one passing test.
```

> the 'finished' line denotes the one passing test.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Notice the 'E' in the output. It denotes a test with an error. The green dot above
the 'Finished' line denotes the one passing test.
```

NOTE: The execution of each test method stops as soon as any error or an
assertion failure is encountered, and the test suite continues with the next
method. All test methods are executed in random order. The
[`config.active_support.test_order`][] option can be used to configure test
order.

> When a test fails you are presented with the corresponding backtrace. By default

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When a test fails you are presented with the corresponding backtrace. By default,
```

> Rails filters that backtrace and will only print lines relevant to your

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Rails filters the backtrace and will only print lines relevant to your
```

> application. This eliminates the framework noise and helps to focus on your

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
application. This eliminates noise and helps to focus on your
```

code. However there are situations when you want to see the full backtrace. Set

> the `-b` (or `--backtrace`) argument to enable this behavior:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
code. However, in situations when you want to see the full backtrace, set
the `-b` (or `--backtrace`) argument to enable this behavior:
```

This test should now pass.

[`config.active_support.test_order`]:
    configuring.html#config-active-support-test-order

### Minitest Assertions

By now you've caught a glimpse of some of the assertions that are available.
Assertions are the worker bees of testing. They are the ones that actually
perform the checks to ensure that things are going as planned.

Here's an extract of the assertions you can use with

> [`Minitest`](https://github.com/minitest/minitest), the default testing library

Reviewer: `minitest` is officially spelled lowercase.
```suggestion
[`minitest`](https://github.com/minitest/minitest), the default testing library
```

| `flunk( [msg] )`                                                 | Ensures failure. This is useful to explicitly mark a test that isn't finished yet.|

> The above are a subset of assertions that minitest supports. For an exhaustive &

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above are a subset of assertions that minitest supports. For an exhaustive and
```

more up-to-date list, please check the [Minitest API
documentation](http://docs.seattlerb.org/minitest/Minitest), specifically
[`Minitest::Assertions`](http://docs.seattlerb.org/minitest/Minitest/Assertions.html).

Because of the modular nature of the testing framework, it is possible to create

> your own assertions. In fact, that's exactly what Rails does. It includes some

Reviewer: Maybe avoid starting the sentence with "Because" and simplify the sentence a bit (do we need to know that minitest has a modular nature?).
```suggestion
With minitest you can add
your own assertions. In fact, that's exactly what Rails does. It includes some
```

specialized assertions to make your life easier.

NOTE: Creating your own assertions is an advanced topic that we won't cover in

> this guide.

Reviewer 3: Since we try to cover beginner and advanced topics in Rails Guides, this implies we only cover beginner topics. It would be nice to cover this in a later guide or somewhere else, and maybe link that section here. Not saying this has to be written now, but maybe we can add a note for the future.

Author: Will add to our to do list!

Author: I'm also going to re-word this slightly for now :)

| [`assert_nothing_raised { block }`][] | Ensures that the given block doesn't raise any exceptions.|
| [`assert_recognizes(expected_options, path, extras={}, message=nil)`][] | Asserts that the routing of the given path was handled correctly and that the parsed options (given in the expected_options hash) match path. Basically, it asserts that Rails recognizes the route given by expected_options.|

> | [`assert_generates(expected_path, options, defaults={}, extras = {}, message=nil)`][] | Asserts that the provided options can be used to generate the provided path. This is the inverse of assert_recognizes. The extras parameter is used to tell the request the names and values of additional request parameters that would be in a query string. The message parameter allows you to specify a custom error message for assertion failures.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`assert_generates(expected_path, options, defaults={}, extras = {}, message=nil)`][] | Asserts that the provided options can be used to generate the provided path. This is the inverse of assert_recognizes. The extra parameter is used to tell the request the names and values of additional request parameters that would be in a query string. The message parameter allows you to specify a custom error message for assertion failures.|
```

[`assert_response(type, message = nil)`]:
    https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionDispatch/Assertions/ResponseAssertions.html#method-i-assert_response
[`assert_redirected_to(options = {}, message=nil)`]:
    https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionDispatch/Assertions/ResponseAssertions.html#method-i-assert_redirected_to
[`assert_queries_count(count = nil, include_schema: false, &block)`]:
    https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveRecord/Assertions/QueryAssertions.html#method-i-assert_queries_count
[`assert_no_queries(include_schema: false, &block)`]:
    https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveRecord/Assertions/QueryAssertions.html#method-i-assert_no_queries
[`assert_queries_match(pattern, count: nil, include_schema: false, &block)`]:
    https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveRecord/Assertions/QueryAssertions.html#method-i-assert_queries_match
[`assert_no_queries_match(pattern, &block)`]:
    https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveRecord/Assertions/QueryAssertions.html#method-i-assert_no_queries_match

You'll see the usage of some of these assertions in the next chapter.

> ### Assertions in Our Test Cases

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Assertions in Test Cases
```

All the basic assertions such as `assert_equal` defined in
`Minitest::Assertions` are also available in the classes we use in our own test
cases. In fact, Rails provides the following classes for you to inherit from:

* [`ActiveSupport::TestCase`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/TestCase.html)
* [`ActionMailer::TestCase`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionMailer/TestCase.html)
* [`ActionView::TestCase`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/TestCase.html)
* [`ActiveJob::TestCase`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveJob/TestCase.html)
* [`ActionDispatch::Integration::Session`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionDispatch/Integration/Session.html)
* [`ActionDispatch::SystemTestCase`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionDispatch/SystemTestCase.html)
* [`Rails::Generators::TestCase`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/Rails/Generators/TestCase.html)

Each of these classes include `Minitest::Assertions`, allowing us to use all of

> the basic assertions in our tests.

Reviewer 3: Should this be "you"?

```suggestion
Each of these classes include `Minitest::Assertions`, allowing you to use all of
the basic assertions in your tests.
```

> NOTE: For more information on `Minitest`, refer to its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: For more information on `minitest`, refer to its
```

> [documentation](http://docs.seattlerb.org/minitest).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
NOTE: For more information on `minitest`, refer to the
[minitest documentation](http://docs.seattlerb.org/minitest).
```

I think we said we'll try to make these links better for accessibility and screen readers.

Author: Hey @Ridhwana - sorry if I missed this conversation somewhere - how should they be changed?

Reviewer 3: No worries, sorry I should have given more information. We want to use more explicit words to describe the link for screen readers. Here's a link to the initial conversation: 

https://3.basecamp.com/3076981/buckets/35498807/todos/7116145100#__recording_7546293177

Update: Re-reading this sentence In this case maybe 'documentation' is sufficient, and doesn't need to be more verbose. I tend to be extra explicit for accessibility, however if you think it's okay as is it would be fine too. It's definitely more explicit than the word "here" or something generic.

Author: Thanks! Have made a small tweak to hopefully improve it!

### Transactions

By default, Rails automatically wraps tests in a database transaction that is

> rolled back after they finish. This makes tests independent of each other and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
rolled back after once completed. This makes tests independent of each other and
```

class MyTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase

>   test "current_transaction" do

Reviewer 2: To separate the Active Record method name from the test case name, this might be clearer:

```suggestion
  test "Active Record current_transaction method works as expected" do
```

Also we should link the ActiveRecord::Base.current_transaction method.

We can run all of our tests at once by using the `bin/rails test` command.

Or we can run a single test file by passing the `bin/rails test` command the

> filename containing the test cases.

Reviewer: To me it reads a bit easier if we mention the filename we are passing before we mention the command:
```suggestion
Or we can run a single test file by passing the filename to the `bin/rails test` .
```

$ bin/rails test test/models/article_test.rb:6-20 # runs tests from line 6 to 20
```

You can also run an entire directory of tests by providing the path to the
directory.

```bash
$ bin/rails test test/controllers # run all tests from specific directory
```

The test runner also provides a lot of other features like failing fast,

> deferring test output at the end of the test run and so on. Check the

Reviewer: We try to use the Oxford Comma:
```suggestion
The test runner also provides a lot of other features like failing fast,
deferring test output at the end of the test run, and so on. Check the
```
"deferring test output at the end of the test run" is a mouthful when listing examples.
Maybe list another example?
```suggestion
The test runner also provides a lot of other features like failing fast,
showing verbose progress, and so on. Check the
```

    -p, --pride                      Pride. Show your testing pride!
```

The Test Database
-----------------

Just about every Rails application interacts heavily with a database and, as a

> result, your tests will need a database to interact with as well. To write
> efficient tests, you'll need to understand how to set up this database and
> populate it with sample data.
> 

Reviewer 2: Simplify it this way, less repetitive also?

```suggestion
result, your tests will need a database to interact with as well. This section covers how to set up this test database and populate it with sample data.
```

> By default, every Rails application has three environments: development, test,

Reviewer 3: This is a repitition of line 74. 

Maybe we can say, 

```suggestion
As mentioned in [The Test Environment section](#the-test-environment-section), every Rails application has three environments: development, test,
```

The link may need double checking.

and production. The database for each one of them is configured in
`config/database.yml`.

A dedicated test database allows you to set up and interact with test data in
isolation. This way your tests can interact with test data with confidence,
without worrying about the data in the development or production databases.

### Maintaining the Test Database Schema

> In order to run your tests, your test database will need to have the current
> structure. The test helper checks whether your test database has any pending

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to run your tests, your test database needs the current
schema. The test helper checks whether your test database has any pending
```

migrations. It will try to load your `db/schema.rb` or `db/structure.sql` into
the test database. If migrations are still pending, an error will be raised.
Usually this indicates that your schema is not fully migrated. Running the

> migrations against the development database (`bin/rails db:migrate`) will bring

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
migrations against the development database (using `bin/rails db:migrate`) will bring
```

the schema up to date.

NOTE: If there were modifications to existing migrations, the test database
needs to be rebuilt. This can be done by executing `bin/rails test:db`.

### Fixtures

For good tests, you'll need to give some thought to setting up test data. In
Rails, you can handle this by defining and customizing fixtures. You can find
comprehensive documentation in the [Fixtures API
documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveRecord/FixtureSet.html).

#### What are Fixtures?

_Fixtures_ is a fancy word for sample data. Fixtures allow you to populate your
testing database with predefined data before your tests run. Fixtures are
database independent and written in YAML. There is one file per model.

NOTE: Fixtures are not designed to create every object that your tests need, and
are best managed when only used for default data that can be applied to the
common case.

> Fixtures can be stored in your `test/fixtures` directory.

Reviewer: Wondering if we should be more strict here. Fixtures can be configured to be stored wherever you want, but the default and preferred location is `test/fixtures`.
```suggestion
Fixtures are stored in your `test/fixtures` directory.
```

  profession: guy with keyboard
```

Each fixture is given a name followed by an indented list of colon-separated
key/value pairs. Records are typically separated by a blank line. You can place
comments in a fixture file by using the # character in the first column.

> If you are working with [associations](/association_basics.html), you can define

Reviewer 3: I think this can be, but maybe double check that I'm correct please

```suggestion
If you are working with [associations](association_basics.html), you can define
```

  title: An Article
```

> Assuming that there is an image/png encoded file at

Reviewer 3: If we removed the brackets, will it still link to https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types#image_types?

Author: AH nice - I assumed this was a mistake because I hadn't seen the syntax before - thanks.

  blob: first_thumbnail_blob
```

[image/png]:
    https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types#image_types

> #### ERB and Fixtures

Reviewer: Maybe this title can be more descriptive of the content in the section?
```suggestion
#### Embedding Code in Fixtures
```

2. Load the fixture data into the table
3. Dump the fixture data into a method in case you want to access it directly

TIP: In order to remove existing data from the database, Rails tries to disable

> referential integrity triggers (like foreign keys and check constraints). If you
> are getting annoying permission errors on running tests, make sure the database
> user has the permission to disable these triggers in the testing environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
referential integrity triggers (like foreign keys and check constraints). If you
are getting permission errors on running tests, make sure the database
user has the permission to disable these triggers in the testing environment.
```

(In PostgreSQL, only superusers can disable all triggers. Read more about
PostgreSQL permissions

> [here](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-altertable.html)).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[permissions in the PostgreSQL docs](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-altertable.html)).
```

Instead of linking to "here[link]", we want to use more words to describe what the link is directing the reader too.
https://3.basecamp.com/3076981/buckets/35498807/todos/7116145100#__recording_7546293177

#### Fixtures are Active Record Objects

Fixtures are instances of Active Record. As mentioned above, you can access the
object directly because it is automatically available as a method whose scope is

> local of the test case. For example:

Reviewer: I think this should be `to` instead:
```suggestion
local to the test case. For example:
```

# this will return the property for david called id
users(:david).id

> # methods available on the User class can also be accessed

Reviewer: Nitpick, feel free to ignore, but "methods available to" seems more common in the guides:
```bash
$ ripgrep "methods available to"
guides/source/active_record_basics.md
329:models will have a number of helpful methods available to them. For example, you
activerecord/lib/active_record/schema.rb
37:        # Eval the given block. All methods available to the current connection
actionview/test/template/test_case_test.rb
202:    test "is able to make methods available to the view" do
railties/lib/rails/commands/console/irb_console.rb
13:      description "Gets helper methods available to ApplicationController."
```

```suggestion
# methods available to the User class can also be accessed
```

Model Testing
-------------

> Model tests are used to test the various models of your application and their

Reviewer: Nitpick, feel free to ignore. I'm not sure "various" adds much here:
```suggestion
Model tests are used to test the models of your application and their
```

associated logic. You can test this logic using the assertions and fixtures that
we've explored in the sections above.

Rails model tests are stored under the `test/models` directory. Rails provides a
generator to create a model test skeleton for you.

```bash
$ bin/rails generate test_unit:model article title:string body:text
create  test/models/article_test.rb
```

> Model tests don't have their own superclass like `ActionMailer::TestCase`.

Reviewer 2: Maybe it would be helpful to show an example model test file, that the generator creates?

Instead, they inherit from
[`ActiveSupport::TestCase`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/TestCase.html).

Functional Testing for Controllers
----------------------------------

> In Rails, a focus on testing the various actions of a controller is a form of
> writing functional tests. Remember, your controllers handle the incoming web

Reviewer: For me this first sentence reads a bit awkward, it seems to be phrased in the wrong order.
Maybe it's clearer if we start with the "functional tests":
```suggestion
In Rails, functional tests focus on testing the various actions of a controller.
Remember, your controllers handle the incoming web
```

Or maybe remove this paragraph altogether? The next paragraph seems to repeat most of it.

requests to your application and eventually respond with a rendered view. 

> When writing functional tests, you are focusing on testing how your actions
> handle the requests and the expected result or response. Functional controller

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When writing functional tests, you are focusing on testing how controller actions
handle the requests and the expected result or response. Functional controller
```

tests are sometimes used in cases where system tests are not appropriate, e.g.,
to confirm an API response.

### What to Include in Your Functional Tests

You could test for things such as:

* was the web request successful?
* was the user redirected to the right page?
* was the user successfully authenticated?
* was the correct information displayed in the response?

The easiest way to see functional tests in action is to generate a controller
using the scaffold generator:

```bash

> $ bin/rails generate scaffold_controller article title:string body:text

Reviewer: `scaffold_controller` doesn't generate models so I think this needs to change to:
```suggestion
$ bin/rails generate scaffold article title:string body:text
```

Author: Thanks, good spot - actually I think maybe just the `title:string` and `body:text` is wrong, as we've generated the model in the last section, so it would make sense to be generating the controller part here! I think it's a bit of  bad copy paste somewhere along the line!

run the tests.

Let's take a look at one such test, `test_should_get_index` from the file
`articles_controller_test.rb`.

```ruby
# articles_controller_test.rb
class ArticlesControllerTest < ActionDispatch::IntegrationTest
  test "should get index" do
    get articles_url
    assert_response :success
  end
end
```

In the `test_should_get_index` test, Rails simulates a request on the action
called `index`, making sure the request was successful and also ensuring that
the right response body has been generated.

The `get` method kicks off the web request and populates the results into the
`@response`. It can accept up to 6 arguments:

* The URI of the controller action you are requesting. This can be in the form
  of a string or a route helper (e.g. `articles_url`).
* `params`: option with a hash of request parameters to pass into the action
  (e.g. query string parameters or article variables).
* `headers`: for setting the headers that will be passed with the request.
* `env`: for customizing the request environment as needed.
* `xhr`: whether the request is Ajax request or not. Can be set to true for
  marking the request as Ajax.

> * `as`: for encoding the request with different content type.

Reviewer 2: This is a good list! 👍

All of these keyword arguments are optional.

Example: Calling the `:show` action for the first `Article`, passing in an
`HTTP_REFERER` header:

```ruby
get article_url(Article.first), headers: { "HTTP_REFERER" => "http://example.com/home" }
```

Another example: Calling the `:update` action for the last `Article`, passing in
new text for the `title` in `params`, as an Ajax request:

```ruby
patch article_url(Article.last), params: { article: { title: "updated" } }, xhr: true
```

One more example: Calling the `:create` action to create a new article, passing
in text for the `title` in `params`, as JSON request:

```ruby
post articles_path, params: { article: { title: "Ahoy!" } }, as: :json
```

> NOTE: If you try running the `test_should_create_article` test from
> `articles_controller_test.rb` it will fail on account of the newly added model
> level validation and rightly so.

Reviewer 2: A little simpler? Just a suggestion, feel free to ignore.
```suggestion
NOTE: If you try running the `test_should_create_article` test from
`articles_controller_test.rb` it will (correctly) fail due to the newly added model
level validation.
```

Let us modify the `test_should_create_article` test in
`articles_controller_test.rb` so that this test passes:

```ruby
test "should create article" do
  assert_difference("Article.count") do
    post articles_url, params: { article: { body: "Rails is awesome!", title: "Hello Rails" } }
  end

  assert_redirected_to article_path(Article.last)
end
```

You can now run this test and it will pass.

NOTE: If you followed the steps in the [Basic
Authentication](getting_started.html#basic-authentication) section, you'll need
to add authorization to every request header to get all the tests passing:

```ruby
post articles_url, params: { article: { body: "Rails is awesome!", title: "Hello Rails" } }, headers: { Authorization: ActionController::HttpAuthentication::Basic.encode_credentials("dhh", "secret") }
```

> ### Available Request Types for Functional Tests

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### HTTP Request Types for Functional Tests
```

If you're familiar with the HTTP protocol, you'll know that `get` is a type of
request. There are 6 request types supported in Rails functional tests:

* `get`
* `post`
* `patch`
* `put`
* `head`
* `delete`

All of the request types have equivalent methods that you can use. In a typical

> C.R.U.D. application you'll be using `get`, `post`, `put`, and `delete` most

Reviewer 3: Nitpick:  Maybe we want to update the methods to be in the same order as CRUD?

```suggestion
C.R.U.D. application you'll be using `post`, `get`, `put`, and `delete` most
```

often.

NOTE: Functional tests do not verify whether the specified request type is
accepted by the action, we're more concerned with the result. Request tests

> exist for this use case to make your tests more purposeful.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
NOTE: Functional tests do not verify whether the specified request type is 
accepted by the action; instead, they focus on the result. For testing the 
request type, request tests are available, making your tests more purposeful.
```

### Testing XHR (Ajax) Requests

An AJAX request (Asynchronous Javscript and XML) is a type of request where

> information is sent over a server without the page reloading. To test Ajax

Reviewer 2: Better clarify the term Ajax like this maybe?

```suggestion
AJAX (Asynchronous Javscript and XML) is a technique where you fetch content from the server by making asynchronous HTTP requests, and update the relevant parts of the page without requiring a full page load. To test AJAX
```

requests, you can specify the `xhr: true` option to `get`, `post`, `patch`,
`put`, and `delete` methods. For example:

```ruby
test "ajax request" do
  article = articles(:one)
  get article_url(article), xhr: true

  assert_equal "hello world", @response.body
  assert_equal "text/javascript", @response.media_type
end
```

### Testing Other Request Objects

After any request has been made and processed, you will have 3 Hash objects
ready for use:

* `cookies` - Any cookies that are set
* `flash` - Any objects living in the flash
* `session` - Any object living in session variables

As is the case with normal Hash objects, you can access the values by
referencing the keys by string. You can also reference them by symbol name. For
example:

```ruby
flash["gordon"]               # or flash[:gordon]
session["shmession"]          # or session[:shmession]
cookies["are_good_for_u"]     # or cookies[:are_good_for_u]
```

### Instance Variables

You also have access to three instance variables in your functional tests after
a request is made:

* `@controller` - The controller processing the request
* `@request` - The request object
* `@response` - The response object

> 

Reviewer 3: Extra line 

```suggestion
```

```ruby
class ArticlesControllerTest < ActionDispatch::IntegrationTest
  test "should get index" do
    get articles_url

    assert_equal "index", @controller.action_name
    assert_equal "application/x-www-form-urlencoded", @request.media_type
    assert_match "Articles", @response.body
  end
end
```

### Setting Headers and CGI Variables

HTTP headers are pieces of information sent along with HTTP requests to provide
important metadata. CGI variables are environment variables used to exchange
information between the web server and the application. 

HTTP headers and CGI variables can be tested by being passed as headers:

```ruby
# setting an HTTP Header
get articles_url, headers: { "Content-Type": "text/plain" } # simulate the request with custom header

# setting a CGI variable
get articles_url, headers: { "HTTP_REFERER": "http://example.com/home" } # simulate the request with custom env variable
```

### Testing `flash` Notices

> As we have seen in the secctions above, one of the three hash objects we have

Reviewer 3: Maybe we can link to the relevant section as well?

```suggestion
As we have seen in the sections above, one of the three hash objects we have
```

```ruby
test "should create article" do
  assert_difference("Article.count") do
    post articles_url, params: { article: { title: "Some title" } }
  end

  assert_redirected_to article_path(Article.last)
  assert_equal "Article was successfully created.", flash[:notice]
end
```

If we run our test now, we should see a failure:

```bash
$ bin/rails test test/controllers/articles_controller_test.rb -n test_should_create_article
Running 1 tests in a single process (parallelization threshold is 50)
Run options: -n test_should_create_article --seed 32266

# Running:

F

Finished in 0.114870s, 8.7055 runs/s, 34.8220 assertions/s.

  1) Failure:
ArticlesControllerTest#test_should_create_article [/test/controllers/articles_controller_test.rb:16]:
--- expected
+++ actual
@@ -1 +1 @@
-"Article was successfully created."
+nil

1 runs, 4 assertions, 1 failures, 0 errors, 0 skips
```

Let's implement the flash message now in our controller. Our `:create` action
should now look like this:

```ruby
def create
  @article = Article.new(article_params)

  if @article.save
    flash[:notice] = "Article was successfully created."
    redirect_to @article
  else
    render "new"
  end
end
```

> Now if we run our tests, we should see it pass:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Now, if we run our tests, we should see it pass:
```

```bash
$ bin/rails test test/controllers/articles_controller_test.rb -n test_should_create_article
Running 1 tests in a single process (parallelization threshold is 50)
Run options: -n test_should_create_article --seed 18981

# Running:

.

Finished in 0.081972s, 12.1993 runs/s, 48.7972 assertions/s.

1 runs, 4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors, 0 skips
```

NOTE: If you generated your controller using the scaffold generator, the flash
message will already be implemented in your `create` action.

> ### Putting It Together

Reviewer 2: Maybe this? as that's what this sub-section seems to cover:

```suggestion
### Tests of `show`, `update`, and `delete` Actions
```

Reviewer 3: If we go with the suggestion, should it be 'for' instead of 'of'?

```suggestion
### Tests for `show`, `update`, and `delete` Actions
```

At this point we have looked at tests for the `:index` as well as the`:create`
action. What about the other actions?

Let's make sure we have a test for `:show`:

```ruby
test "should show article" do
  article = articles(:one)
  get article_url(article)
  assert_response :success
end
```

> If you remember from our discussion earlier on fixtures, the `articles()` method

Reviewer 3: Maybe a link to the fixtures section here?

> will give us access to our articles fixtures.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
will give us access to the articles fixtures.
```

How about deleting an existing article?

```ruby

> test "should destroy article" do

Reviewer 3: Should this be `delete` since we're referring to `delete` and not `destroy`?

```suggestion
test "should delete article" do
```

  article = articles(:one)
  assert_difference("Article.count", -1) do
    delete article_url(article)
  end

  assert_redirected_to articles_path
end
```

> We can also consider a test for updating an existing article.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Let's also consider a test for updating an existing article.
```

```ruby
test "should update article" do
  article = articles(:one)

  patch article_url(article), params: { article: { title: "updated" } }

  assert_redirected_to article_path(article)
  # Reload association to fetch updated data and assert that title is updated.
  article.reload
  assert_equal "updated", article.title
end
```

Notice we're starting to see some duplication in these three tests, they both
access the same article fixture data. It is possible to D.R.Y. this up ('Don't
Repeat Yourself') by using the `setup` and `teardown` methods provided by

> `ActiveSupport::Callbacks`.

Reviewer 3: I think its useful to avoid 'we' and 'our' where possible.

```suggestion
Notice that there is some duplication in these three tests - they 
access the same article fixture data. It is possible to D.R.Y.  ('Don't
Repeat Yourself') the implementation by using the `setup` and `teardown` 
methods provided by
```

> Our tests now might look something like the below.

Reviewer 3: I think its useful to avoid 'we' and 'our' where possible.

```suggestion
The tests might look like this:
```

```ruby
require "test_helper"

class ArticlesControllerTest < ActionDispatch::IntegrationTest
  # called before every single test
  setup do
    @article = articles(:one)
  end

  # called after every single test
  teardown do
    # when controller is using cache it may be a good idea to reset it afterwards
    Rails.cache.clear
  end

  test "should show article" do
    # Reuse the @article instance variable from setup
    get article_url(@article)
    assert_response :success
  end

  test "should destroy article" do
    assert_difference("Article.count", -1) do
      delete article_url(@article)
    end

    assert_redirected_to articles_path
  end

  test "should update article" do
    patch article_url(@article), params: { article: { title: "updated" } }

    assert_redirected_to article_path(@article)
    # Reload association to fetch updated data and assert that title is updated.
    @article.reload
    assert_equal "updated", @article.title
  end
end
```

NOTE: Similar to other callbacks in Rails, the `setup` and `teardown` methods

> can also be used by passing a block, lambda, or method name as a symbol to call.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
NOTE: Similar to other callbacks in Rails, the `setup` and `teardown` methods 
can also accept a block, lambda, or a method name as a symbol to be called.
```

Integration Testing
-------------------

Integration tests take functional controller tests one step further, as they are

> focussed on testing how various parts of our application interact. They are

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Integration tests take functional controller tests one step further - they focus 
on testing how various parts of our application interact, and are
```

generally used to test important workflows within our application. Rails

> integration tests can be stored in the `test/integration` directory. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
integration tests are stored in the `test/integration` directory. 
```

end
```

> Here the test is inheriting from `ActionDispatch::IntegrationTest`. This makes

Reviewer 3: can we link to the API here?

some additional [helpers](testing.html#helpers-available-for-integration-tests)
available for us to use in our integration tests, alongside the standard testing

> helpers.

Reviewer 3: Took a stab at making it more verbose for screen readers?

```suggestion
some additional [helpers available for integration tests](testing.html#helpers-available-for-integration-tests)
alongside the standard testing helpers.
```

### Implementing an Integration Test

> Let's add an integration test to our blog application. We'll start with a basic

Reviewer 3: Trying to avoid "we".

```suggestion
Let's add an integration test to our blog application by starting with a basic
```

> workflow of creating a new blog article, to verify that everything is working

Reviewer 3: I don't think there's meant to be a comma here?

```suggestion
workflow of creating a new blog article to verify that everything is working
```

properly.

> We'll start by generating our integration test skeleton:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Start by generating our integration test skeleton:
```

class BlogFlowTest < ActionDispatch::IntegrationTest
  test "can see the welcome page" do
    get "/"

>     assert_dom "h1", "Welcome#index"

Reviewer: I was incorrect that we should use `assert_dom` here.
`assert_dom` isn't available.
It should be `assert_selector` instead, which is also generated by the generator:
```suggestion
    assert_selector "h1", "Welcome#index"
```

  end
end
```

> We will take a look at `assert_dom` to query the resulting HTML of a request in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will take a look at `assert_selector` to query the resulting HTML of a request in
```

the [Testing Views](#testing-views) section below. It is used for testing the

> response of our request by asserting the presence of key HTML elements and their

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
response of the request by asserting the presence of key HTML elements and their
```

content.

> When we visit our root path, we should see `welcome/index.html.erb` rendered for

Reviewer 3: I think we tend to use "you" rather than "we" In the guides.

```suggestion
When you visit the root path, you should see `welcome/index.html.erb` rendered for
```

the view. So this assertion should pass.

#### Creating Articles Integration

> We can also test our ability to create a new article in our blog and display the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To test the ability to create a new article in our blog and display the
```

> resulting article.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
resulting article, see the example below:
```

  assert_response :redirect
  follow_redirect!
  assert_response :success

>   assert_dom "p", "Title:\n  can create"

Reviewer: Hmm, this should indeed be `assert_dom` as `assert_selector` is only available in system tests.
That is kind of confusing.

Author: @p8 do you think we need a quick note somewhere to clarify when each should be used?

Reviewer: Yes! Good idea!

end
```

> Let's break this test down so we can understand it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Let's break this test down:
```

We start by calling the `:new` action on our Articles controller. This response

> should be successful.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `:new` action of the Articles controller is called first, and the response should be successful.
```

After this we make a post request to the `:create` action of our Articles

> controller:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Next, a `post` request is made to the `:create` action of the Articles controller. 
```

follow_redirect!
```

The two lines following the request are to handle the redirect we setup when

> creating a new article.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The two lines following the request handle the redirect set up when creating a new article.
```

NOTE: Don't forget to call `follow_redirect!` if you plan to make subsequent
requests after a redirect is made.

Finally we can assert that our response was successful and our new article is

> readable on the page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Finally, it can be asserted that the response was successful and that the newly created article is 
displayed on the page.
```

> #### Taking It Further

Reviewer 2: Nit: This subheading is not really proving any value, maybe we could remove it.

```suggestion
```

We were able to successfully test a very small workflow for visiting our blog
and creating a new article. If we wanted to take this further we could add tests

> for adding comments, editing comments or removing articles. Integration tests

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We successfully tested a simple workflow for visiting the blog and creating a new article. 
To extend this, additional tests could be added for features like adding comments, 
editing comments, or removing articles. Integration tests
```

are a great place to experiment with all kinds of use cases for our
applications.

### Helpers Available for Integration Tests

> Here are some of the other helpers we can choose from in our integration tests.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here are some of the other helpers to choose from for the integration tests.
```

Reviewer 3: I added some suggestions below but maybe this section can be converted into a bullet list for readability. 
I was thinking something like:

There are numerous helpers to choose from to aid in the integration tests. Some include:
- [`ActionDispatch::Integration::Runner`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionDispatch/Integration/Runner.html) for dealing with the integration test runner. This will help .... [fill in what it helped with]
- [`ActionDispatch::Integration::RequestHelpers`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionDispatch/Integration/RequestHelpers.html) to perform requests
- [`ActionDispatch::TestProcess::FixtureFile`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionDispatch/TestProcess/FixtureFile.html) to upload files, and,
- [`ActionDispatch::Integration::Session`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionDispatch/Integration/Session.html) to modify sessions. 

If you go with this approach, the ignore my suggestions in the rest of the section.

> For dealing with the integration test runner, see

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When dealing with the integration test runner, see
```

[`ActionDispatch::Integration::Runner`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionDispatch/Integration/Runner.html).

When performing requests, we will have
[`ActionDispatch::Integration::RequestHelpers`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionDispatch/Integration/RequestHelpers.html)

> available for our use.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When performing requests, 
[`ActionDispatch::Integration::RequestHelpers`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionDispatch/Integration/RequestHelpers.html)
will be available for use.
```

If we need to upload files, take a look at
[`ActionDispatch::TestProcess::FixtureFile`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionDispatch/TestProcess/FixtureFile.html)

> to help.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To upload files, take a look at
[`ActionDispatch::TestProcess::FixtureFile`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionDispatch/TestProcess/FixtureFile.html).
```

If we need to modify the session, or state of our integration test, take a look
at
[`ActionDispatch::Integration::Session`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionDispatch/Integration/Session.html)

> to help.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To modify the session, or state of the integration test, take a look
at
[`ActionDispatch::Integration::Session`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionDispatch/Integration/Session.html).
```

System Testing
--------------

> Similarly to integration testing, system testing also allows you to test how the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Similarly to integration testing, system testing allows you to test how the
```

components of your app work together, but from the point of view of a user. It
does this by running tests in either a real or a headless browser (a browser
which runs in the background without opening a visible window). System tests use

> Capybara under the hood.

Reviewer: We should probably mention Capybara's assertions as well (assert_selector and assert_text are used in the examples).
Not sure if this would the right location. Maybe it would be better to mention them after they have been used?
```suggestion
Capybara under the hood. [Capybara-powered
Assertions](https://rubydoc.info/github/teamcapybara/capybara/master/Capybara/Minitest/Assertions)
```

Or maybe we should list some of the common ones in a table like we do for other assertions:
https://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/testing.html#available-assertions

> Capybara under the hood.

Reviewer 3: A link to Capybara docs?

application. Rails provides a generator to create a system test skeleton for
you.

```bash
$ bin/rails generate system_test users
      invoke test_unit
      create test/system/users_test.rb
```

Here's what a freshly generated system test looks like:

```ruby
require "application_system_test_case"

class UsersTest < ApplicationSystemTestCase
  # test "visiting the index" do
  #   visit users_url
  #
  #   assert_selector "h1", text: "Users"
  # end
end
```

By default, system tests are run with the Selenium driver, using the Chrome
browser, and a screen size of 1400x1400. The next section explains how to change
the default settings.

### Changing the Default Settings

Rails makes changing the default settings for system tests very simple. All the
setup is abstracted away so you can focus on writing your tests.

When you generate a new application or scaffold, an
`application_system_test_case.rb` file is created in the test directory. This is
where all the configuration for your system tests should live.

If you want to change the default settings, you can change what the system tests
are "driven by". Say you want to change the driver from Selenium to Cuprite.

> First add the `cuprite` gem to your `Gemfile`. Then in your

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
are "driven by". If you want to change the driver from Selenium to Cuprite, you'd 
add the `cuprite` gem to your `Gemfile`. Then, in your
```

> `application_system_test_case.rb` file do the following:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`application_system_test_case.rb` file you'd do the following:
```

driver.

```ruby
require "test_helper"

class ApplicationSystemTestCase < ActionDispatch::SystemTestCase
  driven_by :selenium, using: :firefox
end
```

If you want to use a headless browser, you could use Headless Chrome or Headless
Firefox by adding `headless_chrome` or `headless_firefox` in the `:using`
argument.

```ruby
require "test_helper"

class ApplicationSystemTestCase < ActionDispatch::SystemTestCase
  driven_by :selenium, using: :headless_chrome
end
```

If you want to use a remote browser, e.g. [Headless Chrome in
Docker](https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/docker-selenium), you have to add a remote
`url` and set `browser` as remote through `options`.

```ruby
require "test_helper"

class ApplicationSystemTestCase < ActionDispatch::SystemTestCase
  url = ENV.fetch("SELENIUM_REMOTE_URL", nil)
  options = if url
    { browser: :remote, url: url }
  else
    { browser: :chrome }
  end
  driven_by :selenium, using: :headless_chrome, options: options
end
```

Now you should get a connection to the remote browser.

```bash
$ SELENIUM_REMOTE_URL=http://localhost:4444/wd/hub bin/rails test:system
```

If your application in test is running remote too, e.g. within a Docker

> container, Capybara needs more input about how to [call remote

Reviewer 2: "your application in test is running remote too" reads confusing. Maybe "your application is remote"

servers](https://github.com/teamcapybara/capybara#calling-remote-servers).

```ruby
require "test_helper"

class ApplicationSystemTestCase < ActionDispatch::SystemTestCase
  def setup
    Capybara.server_host = "0.0.0.0" # bind to all interfaces
    Capybara.app_host = "http://#{IPSocket.getaddress(Socket.gethostname)}" if ENV["SELENIUM_REMOTE_URL"].present?

>     super

Reviewer: Using `setup` with a block allows removing the call to `super`:
```suggestion
  setup do
    Capybara.server_host = "0.0.0.0" # bind to all interfaces
    Capybara.app_host = "http://#{IPSocket.getaddress(Socket.gethostname)}" if ENV["SELENIUM_REMOTE_URL"].present?
```

  end
  # ...
end
```

Now you should get a connection to a remote browser and server, regardless if it
is running in a Docker container or CI.

If your Capybara configuration requires more setup than provided by Rails, this

> additional configuration could be added into the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
additional configuration can be added into the
```

`application_system_test_case.rb` file.

Please see [Capybara's
documentation](https://github.com/teamcapybara/capybara#setup) for additional
settings.

### Implementing a System Test

Now we're going to add a system test to our blog application. We'll demonstrate
writing a system test by visiting the index page and creating a new blog

> article.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Next, we will add a system test to our blog application. This example will demonstrate 
how to write a system test by visiting the index page and creating a new blog article.
```

If you used the scaffold generator, a system test skeleton was automatically
created for you. If you didn't use the scaffold generator, start by creating a
system test skeleton.

```bash
$ bin/rails generate system_test articles
```

It should have created a test file placeholder for us. With the output of the
previous command you should see:

```
      invoke  test_unit
      create    test/system/articles_test.rb
```

> Now let's open that file and write our first assertion:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Now, let's open that file and write the first assertion:
```

  test "viewing the index" do
    visit articles_path
    assert_selector "h1", text: "Articles"
  end
end
```

The test should see that there is an `h1` on the articles index page and pass.

Run the system tests.

```bash
$ bin/rails test:system
```

NOTE: By default, running `bin/rails test` won't run your system tests. Make
sure to run `bin/rails test:system` to actually run them. You can also run
`bin/rails test:all` to run all tests, including system tests.

#### Creating Articles System Test

Now let's test the flow for creating a new article in our blog.

```ruby
test "should create Article" do
  visit articles_path

  click_on "New Article"

  fill_in "Title", with: "Creating an Article"
  fill_in "Body", with: "Created this article successfully!"

  click_on "Create Article"

  assert_text "Creating an Article"
end
```

The first step is to call `visit articles_path`. This will take the test to the
articles index page.

Then the `click_on "New Article"` will find the "New Article" button on the
index page. This will redirect the browser to `/articles/new`.

Then the test will fill in the title and body of the article with the specified

> text. Once the fields are filled in, "Create Article" is clicked on which will
> send a POST request to create the new article in the database.

Reviewer 2: Since we don't talk about "the database" anywhere else, maybe a little odd to see it here?

```suggestion
text. Once the fields are filled in, "Create Article" is clicked on which will
send a POST request to `/articles/create`.
```

We will be redirected back to the articles index page and there we assert that
the text from the new article's title is on the articles index page.

#### Testing for Multiple Screen Sizes

> If you want to test for mobile sizes on top of testing for desktop, you can

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to test for mobile sizes in addition to testing for desktop, you can
```

create another class that inherits from `ActionDispatch::SystemTestCase` and use

> it in your test suite. In this example a file called

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
it in your test suite. In this example, a file called
```

require "mobile_system_test_case"

class PostsTest < MobileSystemTestCase
  test "visiting the index" do
    visit posts_url
    assert_selector "h1", text: "Posts"
  end
end
```

#### Screenshot Helper

The
[`ScreenshotHelper`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/v5.1.7/classes/ActionDispatch/SystemTesting/TestHelpers/ScreenshotHelper.html)
is a helper designed to capture screenshots of your tests. This can be helpful
for viewing the browser at the point a test failed, or to view screenshots later
for debugging.

Two methods are provided: `take_screenshot` and `take_failed_screenshot`.
`take_failed_screenshot` is automatically included in `before_teardown` inside
Rails.

The `take_screenshot` helper method can be included anywhere in your tests to
take a screenshot of the browser.

#### Taking It Further

The beauty of system testing is that it is similar to [integration
testing](#integration-testing) in that it tests the user's interaction with your
controller, model, and view, but system testing is much more robust and actually
tests your application as if a real user were using it. With system tests, you
can test anything that the user themselves would do in your application such as

> commenting, deleting articles, publishing draft articles, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
controller, model, and view, but system testing tests your application as if a real user is using it. With system tests, you can test anything that a user would do in your application such as commenting, deleting articles, publishing draft articles, etc.
```

Test Helpers
------------

To avoid code duplication, you can add your own test helpers. Sign in helper can

> be a good example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To avoid code duplication, you can add your own test helpers. Here is an example for signing in:
```

#### Eagerly Requiring Helpers

You may find it convenient to eagerly require helpers in `test_helper.rb` so
your test files have implicit access to them. This can be accomplished using
globbing, as follows

```ruby
# test/test_helper.rb
Dir[Rails.root.join("test", "test_helpers", "**", "*.rb")].each { |file| require file }
```

This has the downside of increasing the boot-up time, as opposed to manually
requiring only the necessary files in your individual tests.

Testing Routes
--------------

Like everything else in your Rails application, you can test your routes. Route
tests reside in `test/controllers/` or are part of controller tests.

> NOTE: If your application has complex routes, Rails provides a number of useful

Reviewer 2: This does not seem like it needs to be NOTE. Can continue the above paragraph?

```suggestion
If your application has complex routes, Rails provides a number of useful
```

Like route tests, view tests reside in `test/controllers/` or are part of
controller tests. 

Methods like `assert_dom` and `assert_dom_equal` allow you to query HTML
elements of the response by using a simple yet powerful syntax.

`assert_dom` is an assertion that will return true if matching elements are
found. For example, you could verify that the page title is "Welcome to the
Rails Testing Guide" as follows:

```ruby
assert_dom "title", "Welcome to the Rails Testing Guide"
```

You can also use nested `assert_dom` blocks for deeper investigation.

In the following example, the inner `assert_dom` for `li.menu_item` runs within
the collection of elements selected by the outer block:

```ruby
assert_dom "ul.navigation" do
  assert_dom "li.menu_item"
end
```

A collection of selected elements may also be iterated through so that
`assert_dom` may be called separately for each element. For example, if the
response contains two ordered lists, each with four nested list elements then
the following tests will both pass.

```ruby
assert_dom "ol" do |elements|
  elements.each do |element|
    assert_dom element, "li", 4

>   end

Reviewer 2: Interesting, didn't know this!

end

assert_dom "ol" do
  assert_dom "li", 8
end
```

> The `assert_dom_equal` method tests two HTML strings for equivalency, as in the
> example below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `assert_dom_equal` method compares two HTML strings to see if they are equal:
```

```ruby
assert_dom_equal '<a href="http://www.further-reading.com">Read more</a>',
  link_to("Read more", "http://www.further-reading.com")
```

> These assertions are quite powerful. For more advanced usage, refer to their

Reviewer 2: I think we already mentioned that these assertions are powerful above, so maybe simply this:
```suggestion
For more advanced usage, refer to the
```

end
```

> If your application uses Ruby >= 3.0 or higher, depends on [Nokogiri >=
> 1.14.0](https://github.com/sparklemotion/nokogiri/releases/tag/v1.14.0) or
> higher, and depends on [Minitest >=

Reviewer: A Rails 7.2 application requires `Ruby >= 3.0` and `Nokogiri >= 1.14.0` already includes the "or higher"
```suggestion
If depends on [Nokogiri >=
1.14.0](https://github.com/sparklemotion/nokogiri/releases/tag/v1.14.0), and depends on [Minitest >=
```

Reviewer 2: Is that rewording missing "if your application..."?

end
```

If you'd like to access the same [Capybara-powered
Assertions](https://rubydoc.info/github/teamcapybara/capybara/master/Capybara/Minitest/Assertions)

> that your [Functional and System Testing](#functional-and-system-testing) tests

Reviewer: This links to a section in "Testing Your Mailers" which isn't expected I think.
I also think these assertions are only available in the SystemTestCases:
```suggestion
that your [System Testing](#system-testing) tests
```

[RSS content]: https://www.rssboard.org/rss-specification

### Additional View-Based Assertions

There are more assertions that are primarily used in testing views:

| Assertion                                                 | Purpose |
| --------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| `assert_dom_email`                                     | Allows you to make assertions on the body of an e-mail. |
| `assert_dom_encoded`                                   | Allows you to make assertions on encoded HTML. It does this by un-encoding the contents of each element and then calling the block with all the un-encoded elements.|
| `css_select(selector)` or `css_select(element, selector)` | Returns an array of all the elements selected by the _selector_. In the second variant it first matches the base _element_ and tries to match the _selector_ expression on any of its children. If there are no matches both variants return an empty array.|

Here's an example of using `assert_dom_email`:

```ruby
assert_dom_email do
  assert_dom "small", "Please click the 'Unsubscribe' link if you want to opt-out."
end
```

### Testing View Partials

> [Partial](layouts_and_rendering.html#using-partials) templates - usually called
> "partials" - are another device for breaking the rendering process into more

Reviewer: "device" seems a bit uncommon here.
Maybe simplify it to:
```suggestion
[Partial](layouts_and_rendering.html#using-partials) templates - usually called
"partials" - can break the rendering process into more
```

end
```

Running tests in Continuous Integration (CI)
--------------------------------------------

Continuous Integration (CI) is a development practice where changes are
frequently integrated into the main codebase, and as such, are automatically
tested before merge.

To run all tests in a CI environment, there's just one command you need:

```bash
$ bin/rails test
```

If you are using [System Tests](#system-testing), `bin/rails test` will not run
them, since they can be slow. To also run them, add another CI step that runs
`bin/rails test:system`, or change your first step to `bin/rails test:all`,

> which runs all tests including system tests.

Reviewer 2: This information is repeated further up in the guide. But maybe that's okay since it's relevant to CI I guess.

Parallel Testing
----------------

> Parallel testing allows you to parallelize your test suite. While forking
> processes is the default method, threading is supported as well. Running tests
> in parallel reduces the time it takes your entire test suite to run.

Reviewer 2: The first sentence isn't really saying anything, so maybe this?

```suggestion
Running tests in parallel reduces the time it takes your entire test suite to run. While forking
processes is the default method, threading is supported as well.
```

### Parallel Testing with Processes

The default parallelization method is to fork processes using Ruby's DRb system.
The processes are forked based on the number of workers provided. The default

> number is the actual core count on the machine you are on, but can be changed by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
number is the actual core count on the machine, but can be changed by
```

the forked process is closed. These can be useful if your app uses multiple
databases or performs other tasks that depend on the number of workers.

The `parallelize_setup` method is called right after the processes are forked.
The `parallelize_teardown` method is called right before the processes are
closed.

```ruby
class ActiveSupport::TestCase
  parallelize_setup do |worker|
    # setup databases
  end

  parallelize_teardown do |worker|
    # cleanup databases
  end

  parallelize(workers: :number_of_processors)
end
```

These methods are not needed or available when using parallel testing with
threads.

### Parallel Testing with Threads

If you prefer using threads or are using JRuby, a threaded parallelization
option is provided. The threaded parallelizer is backed by Minitest's
`Parallel::Executor`.

To change the parallelization method to use threads over forks put the following
in your `test_helper.rb`:

```ruby
class ActiveSupport::TestCase
  parallelize(workers: :number_of_processors, with: :threads)
end
```

Rails applications generated from JRuby or TruffleRuby will automatically
include the `with: :threads` option.

> NOTE: As in the section above, you can also use the environment variable
> `PARALLEL_WORKERS` in this context, to be able to change the number of workers
> your test run should use.

Reviewer: I like that this removes some duplication.
Maybe simplify it slightly?
```suggestion
NOTE: As in the section above, you can also use the environment variable
`PARALLEL_WORKERS` in this context, to change the number of workers
your test run should use.
```

### Testing Parallel Transactions

When you want to test code that runs parallel database transactions in threads,
those can block each other because they are already nested under the implicit
test transaction.

To workaround this, you can disable transactions in a test case class by setting
`self.use_transactional_tests = false`:

```ruby
class WorkerTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase
  self.use_transactional_tests = false

  test "parallel transactions" do
    # start some threads that create transactions
  end
end
```

NOTE: With disabled transactional tests, you have to clean up any data tests
create as changes are not automatically rolled back after the test completes.

> ### Threshold to parallelize tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Threshold to Parallelize Tests
```

Running tests in parallel adds an overhead in terms of database setup and
fixture loading. Because of this, Rails won't parallelize executions that
involve fewer than 50 tests.

You can configure this threshold in your `test.rb`:

```ruby
config.active_support.test_parallelization_threshold = 100
```

And also when setting up parallelization at the test case level:

```ruby
class ActiveSupport::TestCase
  parallelize threshold: 100
end
```

Testing Eager Loading
---------------------

Normally, applications do not eager load in the `development` or `test`
environments to speed things up. But they do in the `production` environment.

If some file in the project cannot be loaded for whatever reason, it is
important to detect it before deploying to production.

### Continuous Integration

If your project has CI in place, eager loading in CI is an easy way to ensure
the application eager loads.

CIs typically set an environment variable to indicate the test suite is running
there. For example, it could be `CI`:

```ruby
# config/environments/test.rb
config.eager_load = ENV["CI"].present?
```

Starting with Rails 7, newly generated applications are configured that way by
default.

> ### Bare Test Suites

Reviewer 2: Seems like this subheading is adding anything..

```suggestion
```
